[IMP] pos: rename + update "Use" doc page 19.0-19.2 (#17413)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/use.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is possible to switch between :doc:`multiple users <extra/employee_login>` from an open POS register,
provided :ref:`multi-employee management is enabled <pos/employee_login/use>`.
```

The 'you can' just sounds a little out of place to me here, for some reason.

Reviewer: I know you didn't change this, but ... while there are more advanced options in this menu, closing the register sounds like a pretty basic option.

How about:

```suggestion
- Click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon to access more advanced options, as well as to :ref:`close the register <pos/use/register-close>`.
```

Reviewer: I'm not convinced about 'Set customers' here. I guess you've gone with this because in other POS documentation, you talk about 'setting a customer for an order.' But in the body text you first talk about 'registering' customers and then 'assigning' them to an order. And I'm not sure that 'set' captures both aspects.

Maybe:

Register and assign customers

Reviewer: (I know you didn't change this, but ...)

I would suggest keeping the instructions together + just a small edit to be super clear on where this is:

```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Orders` overview allows for viewing, searching, and retrieving orders from the POS
interface. 

To access it, click :guilabel:`Orders` in the POS interface header. Then, search for orders in the search bar using their:
```

Reviewer: Can you help me understand where I would see this?

Author: Sure, check [this out](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fxiESGD1DX61HHC_6YSoqiTwHtKwLEab/view?usp=vids_web) ;)

:show-content:

========
Workflow
========

> .. _pos/use/create-pos:

Reviewer: In your comment on the PR, you said an alternative heading could be 'Getting started' ... I think that would work better than 'Workflow'.

And two questions here:

- More a question for Audrey maybe, but ... in the published 19.0 doc, there is an intro section here. But I don't see it here in the PR as removed text. Why is that?

- I feel that the intro, though maybe without the 'Receipts' and 'Invoices' cards is worth keeping, so we're not jumping _straight_ into a sectinon. Did you remove them? And was there a particular reason I might not be aware of?

Reviewer 2: @mcsi-odoo that change was done in [this PR](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/17363/changes#diff-c063e5fc910c53bed491f786d33f69a9132296500e80c68ec5d114223d9c2df3) which was created after this one here, that's why you're not seeing the intro. @emmi-odoo will need to rebase his branch and merge the changes.

That being said, I really don't think having cards on a page that already has (a lot!) of content is necessary or recommended, and it seems really weird to me to do so. I suggest to remove the cards (but keep the text intro) :see_no_evil: 

@LoredanaLrpz @xpl-odoo, let's discuss this further IRL if you guys disagree?

Reviewer: Thanks for explaing, @auva-odoo !

And indeed, I'm also suggesting to keep the intro (without the cards).

Reviewer 3: > [@mcsi-odoo](https://github.com/mcsi-odoo) that change was done in [this PR](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/17363/changes#diff-c063e5fc910c53bed491f786d33f69a9132296500e80c68ec5d114223d9c2df3) which was created after this one here, that's why you're not seeing the intro. [@emmi-odoo](https://github.com/emmi-odoo) will need to rebase his branch and merge the changes.
> 
> That being said, I really don't think having cards on a page that already has (a lot!) of content is necessary or recommended, and it seems really weird to me to do so. I suggest to remove the cards (but keep the text intro) 🙈
> 
> [@LoredanaLrpz](https://github.com/LoredanaLrpz) [@xpl-odoo](https://github.com/xpl-odoo), let's discuss this further IRL if you guys disagree?

Agreed, I would keep cards for what I call "structuring pages", or, in other words, pages that are only/mostly used to redirect users to other pages, like `applications/sales/point_of_sale.rst`

Create a POS
============

If no point of sale exists in the database, a set of POS cards is displayed on the Point of Sale
:guilabel:`Dashboard`. Each card represents a business type. Click a card to create a POS with
preconfigured settings tailored to that type. These settings can be adjusted later as needed.

To create additional POS or to create one from scratch, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->

> Configuration --> Point of Sales`, click :guilabel:`New`, and type a name. Additionally, click
> :guilabel:`Configurations > Settings` to fully configure the point of sale.

Reviewer: When I go to Point of Sale > Configuration, I'm not seeing a 'New' ... what am I missing?

(I see your alternative method of Point of Sale > Configuration > Settings, then 'New Shop' but not the first one.)

Also:

```suggestion
Configuration --> Point of Sales`, click :guilabel:`New`, and type a name. Additionally, click
:guilabel:`Configurations --> Settings` to fully configure the point of sale.
```

Author: Hey Siobhan! To find the "New" button, you need to go to Point of Sale > Configuration> Point of Sales, as shown in this image. However, from 19.2, you can only create from the Settings (👀)

<img width="691" height="257" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3877f379-5cf8-4299-b458-9766b4785996" />

As for the **Configuration > Settings** button, [here is how to find it](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BYgJTYhDnxrlqLNvDIUKkp2rWbGe8PQH/view?usp=vids_web).

Reviewer: Doh, how was I not managing the Point of Sale > Configuration> Point of Sales way!!! I must have been doing something else entirely! All good then :smiley:

.. tip::
   Alternatively, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Settings` and click
   :guilabel:`+ New Shop` in the header.

.. important::
   - To prevent the POS app tab from slowing down, disable the `Memory Saver
     <https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/12929150?hl=en#zippy=%2Cturn-memory-saver-on-or-off>`_

>      setting in Google Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To optimize performance, disable the `Memory Saver
<https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/12929150?hl=en#zippy=%2Cturn-memory-saver-on-or-off>`_
setting in Google Chrome.
```

What do you think? The other just sounds very negative, and potentially something that might be Odoo's fault.

   - Assign a dedicated :doc:`cash payment method <../point_of_sale/payment_methods>` and a

>      :ref:`cash journal <accounting/journals/cash>` to each POS. This ensures that accounting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Assign a dedicated :doc:`cash payment method and cash journal <../point_of_sale/payment_methods>` to each POS. This ensures that accounting
```

Maybe it's just me, but I don't think this is the right place to link to the doc about cash journals. I found it confusing to click that link and not find any relevant instructions for this particular use case. If they click through to the general instructions for 'assign a dedicated ... and a cash journal', then they can click through and read more. Does that make sense?

:show-content:

========

> Workflow

Reviewer: Sorry ... just realising now that you should probably update the name of the rst file from 'Use' to 'Workflow' ... with all that implies for the anchors, links, :image::, etc etc 🙈

Author: Since the page name might change again, could this be done in another PR, where things would be less "risky"?

Reviewer: You're right (and as confirmed by Audrey), no point doing this now. Ignore my comment then :smiley:

========

This section covers the essential daily operations of the Point of Sale, from initial setup and

> configuration to managing sales transactions, customer records, and receipt/invoice handling.

Reviewer: As mentioned, I think we need to remove mention of receipts and invoices from this, and change the wording slightly as 'this section' is not super clear.

Suggestion:

```suggestion
This page covers the :ref:`basic setup <pos/use/create-pos>` and typical daily operations of the
Point of Sale, including :ref:`opening the POS register <pos/use/open-register>` and
:ref:`processing sales transactions <pos/use/sell>`, :ref:`registering and assigning customers
<pos/use/customers>`, :ref:`handling returns and refunds <pos/use/refund>`, :ref:`managing the cash
register <pos/use/cash-register>`, and :ref:`closing the POS register <pos/use/register-close>`.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`use/receipts`
   - :doc:`use/pos_invoices`
```

.. _pos/use/create-pos:

Create a POS
============

If no point of sale exists in the database, a set of POS cards is displayed on the Point of Sale
:guilabel:`Dashboard`. Each card represents a business type. Click a card to create a POS with
preconfigured settings tailored to that type. These settings can be adjusted later as needed.

To create additional POS or to create one from scratch, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale -->
Configuration --> Point of Sales`, click :guilabel:`New`, and type a name. Additionally, click

> :guilabel:`Configurations > Settings` to fully configure the point of sale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Configurations --> Settings` to fully configure the point of sale.
```

This one slipped through!

Author: That's exactly how it looks like 😆 

<img width="339" height="191" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/862ffc7f-e985-418b-9752-caeaaf56a210" />

Reviewer: I'd missed that it was a clickable link (and thought it was just directing the user to the menu). So let's leave it like you have it then!

.. tip::
   Alternatively, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Settings` and click
   :guilabel:`+ New Shop` in the header.

.. important::

>    - To optimize the POS app tab's performance, disable the `Memory Saver

Reviewer: I think we could keep this more simple to improve the flow, unless you mean something very specific here?

```suggestion
   - To optimize app performance, disable the `Memory Saver
```

Author: Yes, this one was part of a PR, hence the specification 😄

   :alt: Dropdown menu to select the POS in the app settings

.. tip::
   To configure basic settings, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Dashboard`, click the
   :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`) icon on the relevant POS card, then select
   :guilabel:`Configure` to perform the following actions:

   - :doc:`Enable multiple employees to log in. <extra/employee_login>`
   - :doc:`Connect and set up an IoT system. <hardware_network/pos_iot>`
   - :doc:`Connect and set up an ePOS printer. <hardware_network/epos_ssc>`

.. _pos/use/open-register:

Open the POS register
=====================

Once the POS is fully :doc:`configured <hardware_network>`, open the register to access the POS
interface. Navigate to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Dashboard` and:

#. On the relevant POS card, click :guilabel:`Open Register`.
#. In the :guilabel:`Opening Control` popover, ensure the :guilabel:`Opening cash` amount is

>    correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the POS is fully :doc:`configured <hardware_network>`, open the register to access the POS
interface. To do so:

#. Navigate to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Dashboard`.
#. On the relevant POS card, click :guilabel:`Open Register`.
#. In the :guilabel:`Opening Control` popover, ensure the :guilabel:`Opening cash` amount is
   correct.
```

I would suggest keeping all the instructions in the numbered list, and having a generic run-in sentence.

   :alt: Dropdown menu to select the POS in the app settings

.. tip::
   To configure basic settings, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Dashboard`, click the
   :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`) icon on the relevant POS card, then select
   :guilabel:`Configure` to perform the following actions:

   - :doc:`Enable multiple employees to log in. <extra/employee_login>`
   - :doc:`Connect and set up an IoT system. <hardware_network/pos_iot>`
   - :doc:`Connect and set up an ePOS printer. <hardware_network/epos_ssc>`

.. _pos/use/open-register:

Open the POS register
=====================

> The POS register is divided into three sections: the product grid to select items, the cart to

Reviewer: Audrey questioned the use of 'product _grid_' and wondered if it might confuse people.

Now, I'm thinking we should maybe call it something like the 'product selector'. My reasoning being: I came across an Odoo community app that let's you choose whether to see the products as a list or in grid form (like it does by default). So who knows, maybe in the future Odoo might offer that possiblity. And so it would make sense to have a more generic name for that part of the screen.

I think then you could just say:

```suggestion
The POS register is divided into three sections: the product selector, the cart to
```

- Click the :icon:`fa-barcode` (:guilabel:`barcode`) icon to use a webcam as a barcode scanner.
- Click the user's avatar to switch between employees, provided :ref:`multi-employee management is
  enabled <pos/employee_login/use>`.
- Click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon to access more advanced options, as
  well as to :ref:`close the register <pos/use/register-close>`.

.. image:: use/pos-register.png
   :alt: POS register

.. _pos/use/sell:

> Sell products

Reviewer: As Audrey pointed out, this section is now getting a bit too detailed (and sorry if that was me from the outset suggesting more additions). So I think it would be better to scale it back and especially, to keep the info about receipts and invoices out of the steps. 

[I'll show you my proposal in a build of the doc]

Three points here:

- about the Receipts page, Audrey has updated [this task](https://www.odoo.com/odoo/project/3835/tasks/6102710) to have a new section on the Receipts page about printing/sending the receipt. So once that's done, we could link directly to that section. Or, as right now, just link to the page itself.

- having discussed some more with Audrey, we strongly argue to not use a guilabel for 'payment screen' or 'receipt screen' (since there literally is no such label), and just write them in lower case every time.

_Edited to add_
As discussed, let's completely drop the tip/note about 'entering an amount without selecting a payment method ...', but still add a tip on the Payment methods page about how the order can be changed.

My suggestion there is to add the following as a third 'tip' near the bottom of the _*Payment methods*_ page:

```suggestion
   - To change the order in which payment methods are displayed on the payment screen in the POS
     interface, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods`, then use
     the :icon:`oi-draggable` :guilabel:`(drag handle) to reposition payment methods.
```

     numpad.
   - To add a discount, click :guilabel:`%`, then enter the discount value using the numpad.
   - To modify the product price, click :guilabel:`Price`, then enter the new amount using the
     numpad.
#. Optionally, add a :ref:`customer <pos/use/customers>` to the order.
#. Once the order is complete, click :guilabel:`Payment` to proceed to checkout on the
   :guilabel:`Payment` screen.
#. Select the :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>`.
#. Optionally, enable the :icon:`fa-file-text-o` :guilabel:`Invoice` if the customer requests an
   :doc:`invoice <use/pos_invoices>`. If no customer is assigned to the order, :ref:`select an
   existing customer or create a new one <pos/use/customers>`.
#. Enter the amount if needed, then click :guilabel:`Validate`.
#. Optionally, click :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`Print Full Receipt` to print the :doc:`receipt
   <use/receipts>`, or click the :icon:`fa-paper-plane` (:guilabel:`send`) icon to send the receipt
   via email.

To move on to the next order, click :guilabel:`New Order` on the :guilabel:`Receipt` screen.

.. note::
   On the :guilabel:`Payment` screen, starting to enter the amount due automatically selects the

>    first available :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>`.

Reviewer: As discussed, you'll drop this entirely.

- Click the :icon:`fa-barcode` (:guilabel:`barcode`) icon to use a webcam as a barcode scanner.
- Click the user's avatar to switch between employees, provided :ref:`multi-employee management is
  enabled <pos/employee_login/use>`.
- Click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon to access more advanced options, as
  well as to :ref:`close the register <pos/use/register-close>`.

.. image:: use/pos-register.png
   :alt: POS register

.. _pos/use/sell:

Sell products
=============

To sell products in the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>`, follow these steps:

#. Click on products to add them to the cart.

   - To change the quantity, click :guilabel:`Qty`, then enter the number of products using the
     numpad.
   - To add a discount, click :guilabel:`%`, then enter the discount value using the numpad.
   - To modify the product price, click :guilabel:`Price`, then enter the new amount using the
     numpad.
#. Once the order is complete, click :guilabel:`Payment` to proceed to checkout on the

>    :guilabel:`Payment` screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Once the order is complete, click :guilabel:`Payment` to proceed to the
 payment screen.
```

I wouldn't use :guilabel: formatting for 'Payment' since there's no such label. I think just 'payment screen' is fine. 

Same comment throughout

Author: That's its technical name in the source code 🥹, and that's how we've named it in most documentation pages 😢 

point_of_sale.PaymentScreen

#. Select the :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>`.
#. Enter the amount if needed, then click :guilabel:`Validate`.
#. Optionally, click :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`Print Full Receipt` to print the :doc:`receipt
   <use/receipts>`, or click the :icon:`fa-paper-plane` (:guilabel:`send`) icon to send the receipt

>    with the :doc:`invoice <use/pos_invoices>` via email.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused about the 'receipt with the invoice' part. 
When I try it in a runbot, the email sent only seems to include a receipt (only mentions receipt, and the only attachment seems to be a .jpg of the receipt).

Should this just be then:

```suggestion
#. Optionally, click :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`Print Full Receipt` to print the :doc:`receipt
   <use/receipts>`, or click the :icon:`fa-paper-plane` (:guilabel:`send`) icon to send the receipt via email.
```

Author: **sigh** ... I see that. But the last I tested this, you would get both the receipt and the invoice --" They must have changed it.

To move on to the next order, click :guilabel:`New Order` on the :guilabel:`Receipt` screen.

.. note::
   On the :guilabel:`Payment` screen, starting to enter the amount due automatically selects the

>    first available :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>`.

Reviewer: See previous comment about 'payment screen'.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`payment_methods`
   - :doc:`use/receipts`
   - :doc:`use/pos_invoices`

.. _pos/use/customers:

Register and assign customers
=============================

Registering customers is necessary to :ref:`collect their loyalty points and grant them rewards
<pos/pricing/loyalty>`, automatically apply an :ref:`attributed pricelist
<pos/pricing/pricelists>`, or :ref:`generate and print invoices <pos_invoices/invoices>`.

To create customers from :ref:`the POS register <pos/use/open-register>`:

#. Click :guilabel:`Customer`.
#. Click :guilabel:`Create`.
#. Enter the customer's details, then click :guilabel:`Save`.

To create customers from the backend:

#. Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Orders --> Customers`.
#. Click :guilabel:`New`.
#. Enter the customer's details and save.

To assign a customer to an order in the POS register or on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen, click
:guilabel:`Customer` and select the desired customer. To select a different customer, click the

> current customer's name on the numpad, then select another one.

Reviewer: As before about 'payment screen'. But also, that screen is still within 'the POS register', right? So maybe just something like:

```suggestion
To assign a customer to an order in the POS register while adding items to an order or from the payment screen, click
:guilabel:`Customer` and select the desired customer.
```

Author: We had to come up with clear names to identify each view, hence why when you open the register, you're the POS register to take an order, but as soon as you click **Validate**, you're on the **Payment** screen to process a payment. It was a long discussion, and it may not be done yet haha

Reviewer: If that was discussed and agree on, then no worries, keep it! I don't want to re-open cans of worms ;)

.. tip::
   To edit the customer's details, click the customer's name on the numpad, click the
   :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon next to the relevant customer, then select
   :guilabel:`Edit Details`.

.. note::
   Creating a new customer in the POS register or on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen automatically

>    assigns them to the current order upon saving.

Reviewer: Following on from the previous comment ...

```suggestion
   Creating a new customer in the POS register while adding items to an order or from the payment screen automatically
   assigns them to the current order upon saving.
```

Author: Like I mentioned in one of the comments, it's the technical name and we decided to write it that way to emphasize the distinction between views/screens.

Send marketing messages
-----------------------

Customers' contact details, such as phone numbers or email addresses, are automatically stored when
:doc:`receipts <use/receipts>` are sent via email, SMS, or WhatsApp. They can then be used, for
example, for marketing purposes.

> To send marketing messages manually from the POS application, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send marketing messages manually from the POS backend, follow these steps:
```

- Click the :icon:`fa-barcode` (:guilabel:`barcode`) icon to use a webcam as a barcode scanner.
- Click the user's avatar to switch between employees, provided :ref:`multi-employee management is
  enabled <pos/employee_login/use>`.
- Click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon to access more advanced options, as
  well as to :ref:`close the register <pos/use/register-close>`.

.. image:: use/pos-register.png
   :alt: POS register

.. _pos/use/sell:

Sell products
=============

To sell products in the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>`, follow these steps:

#. Click on products to add them to the cart.

   - To change the quantity, click :guilabel:`Qty`, then enter the number of products using the
     numpad.
   - To add a discount, click :guilabel:`%`, then enter the discount value using the numpad.
   - To modify the product price, click :guilabel:`Price`, then enter the new amount using the
     numpad.
#. Optionally, add a :ref:`customer <pos/use/customers>` to the order.
#. Once the order is complete, click :guilabel:`Payment` to proceed to checkout on the
   :guilabel:`Payment` screen.
#. Select the :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>`.

> #. Optionally, enable the :icon:`fa-file-text-o` :guilabel:`Invoice` option.

Reviewer: I think you need to say more here, especially since you must assign a customer if you select this option, e.g., 

```suggestion
#. Optionally, enable :icon:`fa-file-text-o` :guilabel:`Invoice` if the customer requests an :doc:`invoice <use/pos_invoices>`. If no customer has been assigned to the order, :ref:`assign the relevant customer or register a new customer <pos/use/customers>`.
```

(Feel free to propose better wording! And btw, I just thought 'optionally ... option' would be better avoided)

Author: Regarding the second sentence, I had already added an additional step (step n°2) regarding registering a customer.

Sell products
=============

The POS register is divided into three sections: the cart to visualize items, the numpad for order

> actions, and the product list to select items. To make sales:

Reviewer: - I'm not sure about 'the cart to visualize items'; maybe we need to be more specific like 'the cart to visualize items that have been added to the order'?
- 'product list' feels a bit odd since it's not in list form. Or maybe this term is already used widely? Could 'product grid' work?

#. Click on products to add them to the cart.

   - To change the quantity, click :guilabel:`Qty` and enter the number of products using the
     numpad.
   - To add a discount, click :guilabel:`%` and enter the discount value using the numpad.

>    - To modify the product price, click :guilabel:`Price` and enter the new amount using the numpad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To change the quantity, click :guilabel:`Qty`, then enter the number of products using the
     numpad.
   - To add a discount, click :guilabel:`%`, then enter the discount value using the numpad.
   - To modify the product price, click :guilabel:`Price`, then enter the new amount using the numpad.
```

#. Click :guilabel:`Payment` once the order is complete to proceed to checkout on the

>    :guilabel:`Payment` screen.

Reviewer: I think this might read better as:

```suggestion
#. Once the order is complete, click :guilabel:`Payment`  to proceed to checkout on the
   :guilabel:`Payment` screen.
```

Author: Indeed, it reads better. Out of consistency, I always try to start a numbered list with the action verb.

#. Select the :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>`.
#. Enter the received amount if needed, then click :guilabel:`Validate`.

> #. Click :guilabel:`New Order` on the :guilabel:`Receipt` screen to move on to the next order.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it would be better to remove this from the numbered list, and have it as a sentence _after_ the instructions (plus slight reordering suggested):

```suggestion

To move on to the next order, click :guilabel:`New Order` on the :guilabel:`Receipt` screen.
```

.. image:: use/pos-register.png
   :alt: POS register

.. note::
   On the :guilabel:`Receipt` screen, the order :ref:`receipt

>    <pos/configuration/receipt-configuration>` can be sent via email, SMS, or WhatsApp.

Reviewer: 1. Actually, wouldn't it make sense to have a step about providing the receipt to the customer (and mention the different ways possible) after the current step 4? Then maybe you won't need this note at all. 
 
2. I guess the email option is always available? But what about SMS or WhatsApp? I'm not seeing those in my runbot, but maybe that requires more setup?

3. (My original comment was going to ask if there's a reason you have this 'Note' before the 'Tips'? If we consider the order of the steps, wouldn't it make more sense to have it after (since the tips are more relevant for steps 3 and 4, and this, between steps 4 and 5)? But then I wondered why you don't mention the receipt in the instruction steps.)

Reviewer: After discussion, adding 'optional' step after current step 4, removing note about receipt + turn 'tip' about default payment method into note

.. tip::

>    - Use both `,` and `.` as decimal separators on the keyboard.

Reviewer: This sounds like an instruction, and it's a bit confusing. I'd suggest:

```suggestion
   - Either `,` or `.` can be used as the decimal separator on the numpad.
```

But ... now I'm confused. What handy tip are we giving them here? What is any single user seeing as the decimal separator? Only comma OR period, depending on the locale settings of their profile? I'm only seeing a period in that position on the numpad when I test, for example.

Reviewer: After discussion, remove sentence as confusing

   - The first :doc:`payment method <payment_methods>` available on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen

>      is selected by default if none is manually selected.

Reviewer: Is this always the case? In my runbot, I'm just seeing the amount in large font in the main part of the screen, and a payment method is only selected if I manually select it.

Author: I changed this sentence because the current one implies that the Cash payment method is selected by default if none is selected manually. However, if you don't have a Cash payment method configured, it cannot be selected by default. If you have a Customer account as your only payment method, this one will be selected by default. Hence my update. 

[Here's how it works](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nP9RuxrHctTB7Eqky90oPhD9aivfA1aH/view?usp=vids_web)

Reviewer: Something about how, if you first enter an amount, then the first payment method is selected by default ...

#. Click :guilabel:`Customer`.
#. Click :guilabel:`Create`.

> #. Complete the customer form information and click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: 'Customer form information' sounds a little odd to me. How about just:

 
```suggestion
#. Enter the customer's details, then click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

> To create customers from the backend:

Reviewer: General question: what are your thoughts on 'backend' vs 'back end'?

Author: Backend 👀

#. Go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Orders --> Customers`.
#. Click :guilabel:`New`.

> #. Fill in the customer form information and save.

Reviewer: 1) Use the same wording as the start of the previous instance.

2) For records like this that autosave, what do we typically write about saving. I'm not sure 'and save' is enough. I would think we either not mention saving, or say click :icon:`fa-cloud-upload` :guilabel:`(Save manually)`.

Curious to hear your thoughts!

Author: When there's no actual **Save** button, I usually write "and save" (because in such cases, you cannot know how user will save - either manually or simply going to another view and it will save automatically)

To assign a customer to an order in the POS register or on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen, click
:guilabel:`Customer` and select the desired customer. To select a different customer, click the
current customer's name on the numpad, then select another one.

.. tip::
   To edit the customer's details, click the customer's name on the numpad, click the

>    :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon next to the relevant customer, and select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon next to the relevant customer, then select
```

   :guilabel:`Edit Details`.

.. note::
   Creating a new customer in the POS register or on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen automatically
   assigns them to the current order upon saving.

Send marketing messages
-----------------------

Customers' contact details, such as phone numbers or email addresses, are automatically stored when
:doc:`receipts <use/receipts>` are sent by email, SMS, or WhatsApp. They can then be used, for

> example, for :doc:`marketing <../../marketing>` purposes.

Reviewer: Just a note to use the same wording when talking about how receipts can be sent (i.e., "... sent by / via email, SMS, or WhatsApp.")

(Also, that link to the marketing page ... not the greatest page to be opening upon clicking a link, but that's not your problem 🙃 Though actually ... since you have the 'see also', maybe you don't need the ref here?)

Author: Indeed, I'll remove the doc link, because it creates more chaos than needed

To send marketing messages manually from the POS application, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale
--> Orders --> Orders`, click a POS order, open the :guilabel:`Extra Info` tab, and, under the
:guilabel:`Contact Info` category, click the :icon:`fa-envelope` (:guilabel:`email`) icon or

> the :icon:`fa-whatsapp` (:guilabel:`whatsapp`) icon next to the completed :guilabel:`Email` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :icon:`fa-whatsapp` (:guilabel:`WhatsApp`) icon next to the completed :guilabel:`Email` or
```

Not 100% sure about this, but don't you think we should write the company/app name correctly?

Author: Wasn't sure either, but we definitely should!

> :guilabel:`Mobile` field.

Reviewer: (I know you didn't this, but ...) This feels like a lot of steps to have in one sentence. I think a numbered list would work better, no?

- :guilabel:`Reference`
- :guilabel:`Receipt Number`

> - :guilabel:`Invoice Number`

Reviewer: In a 19.0 (or even a 19.2) runbot, I'm not seeing Invoice Number:

<img width="352" height="328" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/20dcbe03-fe4b-475d-bd32-82885b835336" />

Do you mean that a receipt OR invoice number can be used? If yes, that would need a note, I think.

Author: The Invoice Number appears when you set the dropdown menu to **Paid**

Reviewer: OK, I see it now. Maybe that needs to be mentioned?

Reviewer: After discussion, first talk about filter options, then we can talk about what you can search on depending on the filter selected

  :guilabel:`Ongoing`, as well as those in the :guilabel:`Payment` or the :guilabel:`Receipt` stages

>   (i.e., orders for which the receipt has been emailed to the customer).

Reviewer: Can you help me understand this?
If the receipt has been emailed (what about via SMS or WhatsApp?), isn't the order paid and no longer active? I'm probably missing something 🙃

Author: You're not missing anything, as weird as it may sound, this is exactly what happens, as long as you don't click **New Order** on the **Receipt** screen, the order appears both on the **Receipt** and **Paid** menu. [See here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v2rvdLxlLdb84G5zjGkgUkp2jgRBxO_m/view?usp=vids_web)

- :guilabel:`Paid`: Paid orders.
- :guilabel:`Cancelled`: Orders cancelled on online platforms through :ref:`Urban Piper
  <online_food_delivery/configuration>`.

To navigate between pages, click the :icon:`fa-caret-left` or :icon:`fa-caret-right`
(:guilabel:`caret`) icon.

To access an order in the register, click it, then click :guilabel:`Load Order`.

.. note::
   - Paid orders can be :ref:`refunded <pos/use/refund>`.
   - The :guilabel:`Delivery Channel` and :guilabel:`Delivery Order Status` dropdown options depend

>      on the :ref:`Urban Piper <online_food_delivery/configuration>` setting.

Reviewer: What do you mean by 'dropdown options'? I'm not seeing those ...

Also, I'm seeing UrbanPiper written like this, in one word, when I Google or check their website: https://www.urbanpiper.com/ Can you update the two instances on this page?

Author: I'm talking about these ones: 

<img width="429" height="347" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7067bb54-9add-4440-acaa-cadd7e2e9c5c" />

Reviewer: I wonder if we need to rephrase that somehow ... I guess it's more about the values for those filters?

  :guilabel:`Ongoing`, as well as those in the :guilabel:`Payment` or the :guilabel:`Receipt` stages
  (i.e., orders for which the receipt has been emailed to the customer).
- :guilabel:`Paid`: Paid orders.
- :guilabel:`Cancelled`: Orders cancelled on online platforms through :ref:`UrbanPiper
  <online_food_delivery/configuration>`.

Enter values to search for orders based on the selected filter in the dropdown menu:

- :guilabel:`Reference`
- :guilabel:`Receipt Number`
- :guilabel:`Invoice Number`
- :guilabel:`Date`
- :guilabel:`Customer`
- :guilabel:`Delivery Channel`
- :guilabel:`Delivery Order Status`

To navigate between pages, click the :icon:`fa-caret-left` or :icon:`fa-caret-right`
(:guilabel:`caret`) icon.

To access an order in the register, click it, then click :guilabel:`Load Order`.

.. note::

>    - Paid orders can be :ref:`refunded <pos/use/refund>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - :guilabel:`Paid` orders can be :ref:`refunded <pos/use/refund>`.
```

   - The :guilabel:`Delivery Channel` and :guilabel:`Delivery Order Status` dropdown options are
     only visible if the :ref:`UrbanPiper <online_food_delivery/configuration>` setting is

>      installed.

Reviewer: Could we phrase this as:

```suggestion
   - The :guilabel:`Delivery Channel` and :guilabel:`Delivery Order Status` dropdown options are
     only visible if the :ref:`UrbanPiper <online_food_delivery/configuration>` setting is enabled in the POS settings.
```

  :guilabel:`Ongoing`, as well as those in the :guilabel:`Payment` or the :guilabel:`Receipt` stages
  (i.e., orders for which the receipt has been emailed to the customer).
- :guilabel:`Paid`: Paid orders.
- :guilabel:`Cancelled`: Orders cancelled on online platforms through :ref:`UrbanPiper
  <online_food_delivery/configuration>`.

Enter values to search for orders based on the selected filter in the dropdown menu:

- :guilabel:`Reference`
- :guilabel:`Receipt Number`
- :guilabel:`Invoice Number`
- :guilabel:`Date`
- :guilabel:`Customer`
- :guilabel:`Delivery Channel`

> - :guilabel:`Delivery Order Status`

Reviewer: As mentioned, it's probably best not to go into detail about the type of values that can be searched (it's pretty standard Odoo search behaviour, and the user sees the options when they start typing, plus, in the future they might add or remove possiblities). I'd suggested to keep this more general, like:

```suggestion
It is also possible to search for orders based on, for example, the :guilabel:`Receipt Number`, :guilabel:`Date`, or :guilabel:`Customer`.
```

Also, this means we can drop this part of the note, as we don't need to be so specific anymore.

<img width="621" height="183" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d048a6a9-354e-4bf6-9eb6-8af67252ad39" />

To navigate between pages, click the :icon:`fa-caret-left` or :icon:`fa-caret-right`
(:guilabel:`caret`) icon.

To access an order in the register, click it, then click :guilabel:`Load Order`.

.. note::
   - :guilabel:`Paid` orders can be :ref:`refunded <pos/use/refund>`.
   - The :guilabel:`Delivery Channel` and :guilabel:`Delivery Order Status` dropdown options are
     only visible if the :ref:`UrbanPiper <online_food_delivery/configuration>` setting is

>      enabled in the :ref:`POS settings <pos/use/settings>`.

Reviewer: As mentioned above, drop this part of the note.

Return and refund products
==========================

To process a refund for a returned product from the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>`,

> follow these steps:

Reviewer: Consider using this ", ... follow these steps" formulation for the other step-by-step instructions on this page, for consistency?

#. Click :guilabel:`Orders` to access the :ref:`Orders overview <pos/use/orders>`.
#. Set the :guilabel:`Active` dropdown menu to :guilabel:`Paid`.
#. Select the relevant order from the list.
#. Select the items and use the numpad to set the refund quantity, then click :guilabel:`Refund`.
#. Choose how to handle the refund:

   - To refund the customer, select a payment method on the payment screen, then click
     :guilabel:`Validate`.
   - To issue a :ref:`gift card <ewallet_gift/gift-cards>` for the refund amount, click
     :guilabel:`Back`. A new order containing the returned items (with negative quantities) is
     created automatically. Then, add the gift card from the product list to the order; its value
     is automatically set to match the total refund amount. Click :guilabel:`Payment`, then

>      :guilabel:`Validate` the refund.

Reviewer: Could you show me this in action? When I'm testing, the amount of the refunded item and the gift card never seem to match. But ... I'm probabl doing something wrong!

Author: Sure, check [this out](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ungxZNm1lUQbZHFi7yTNCJh6L5_MEgaG/view?usp=vids_web) ;)

.. note::
   Additional products cannot be added to the cart until the refund is validated.

.. tip::
   Alternatively, refunds can be processed by:

   - Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`) icon in the POS register,
     then :guilabel:`Refund`.
   - Selecting the returned product(s) from the POS register and setting a negative quantity
     equal to the number of returned items. To do so, click :guilabel:`Qty` and :guilabel:`+/-`,
     then update the quantity accordingly.
   - Selecting the returned product(s) from the POS register and a :doc:`preset <extra/presets>`
     setup for the return mode.
   - Accessing the POS dashboard, navigating to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Orders -->

>      Orders`, selecting an order, and clicking :guilabel:`Return Products`.

Reviewer: Hmm, I think I need your help to understand this!

For the first one, mention briefly what comes after clicking 'Refund'?
For the second and third ones, it's not clear to me where I'm clicking.

Also, I'm not sure the current run-in sentence is the best intro for these various alternative method. I might have a better suggestion when I understand how the second two work in practice.

Author: What happens after the first alternative is the same as in the main steps.

I've updated the second and third alternative :
```suggestion
   Alternatively, refunds can be processed by:

   - Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`) icon in the POS register,
     then :guilabel:`Refund`.
   - Selecting products from the POS register and setting a negative quantity equal to the number
     of returned items. To do so, click :guilabel:`Qty` and :guilabel:`+/-` in the numpad, then
     update the quantity accordingly.
   - Enabling the :guilabel:`Return mode` in the :ref:`preset configuration
     <pos/presets/configuration>`, then selecting the returned product(s) from the POS register.
   - Accessing the POS dashboard, navigating to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Orders -->
     Orders`, selecting an order, and clicking :guilabel:`Return Products`.
```

Reviewer: Let's ... look at this together :)

#. Set the :guilabel:`Active` dropdown menu to :guilabel:`Paid`.
#. Select the relevant order from the list.
#. Select the items and use the numpad to set the refund quantity, then click :guilabel:`Refund`.
#. Choose how to handle the refund:

   - To refund the customer, select a payment method on the payment screen, then click
     :guilabel:`Validate`.
   - To issue a :ref:`gift card <ewallet_gift/gift-cards>` for the refund amount, click
     :guilabel:`Back`. A new order containing the returned items (with negative quantities) is
     created automatically. Then, add the gift card from the product list to the order; its value
     is automatically set to match the total refund amount. Click :guilabel:`Payment`, then
     :guilabel:`Validate` the refund.

Once the return is validated, a corresponding credit note is generated, referencing the original
:doc:`receipt <use/receipts>` or :doc:`invoice <use/pos_invoices>`.

.. note::
   Additional products cannot be added to the cart until the refund is validated.

.. tip::
   Alternatively, refunds can be processed by:

   - Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`) icon in the POS register,

>      then :guilabel:`Refund`. Select and order, enter the number of items to refund, then click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     then :guilabel:`Refund`. Select an order, enter the number of items to refund, then click
```

     :guilabel:`Back`. A new order containing the returned items (with negative quantities) is
     created automatically. Then, add the gift card from the product list to the order; its value
     is automatically set to match the total refund amount. Click :guilabel:`Payment`, then
     :guilabel:`Validate` the refund.

Once the return is validated, a corresponding credit note is generated, referencing the original
:doc:`receipt <use/receipts>` or :doc:`invoice <use/pos_invoices>`.

.. note::
   Additional products cannot be added to the cart until the refund is validated.

.. tip::
   Alternatively, refunds can be processed by:

   - Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`) icon in the POS register,
     then :guilabel:`Refund`. Select an order, enter the number of items to refund, then click
     :guilabel:`Refund`.
   - Selecting products from the POS register, clicking :guilabel:`Qty` to enter the quantity to
     refund, then clicking :guilabel:`+/-` to set it as a negative quantity. Continue with the
     payment process.
   - Creating a :ref:`preset <pos/presets/configuration>` with only the :guilabel:`Return mode`

>      enabled. In the POS register, click the configured preset.

Reviewer: I would still use a doc link to the presets page (:doc:`preset <extra/presets>`), like you did before. Otherwise, we land on the config part without the context/explanation.

   - Accessing the POS dashboard, navigating to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Orders -->
     Orders`, selecting an order, and clicking :guilabel:`Return Products`.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`/applications/finance/accounting/customer_invoices/credit_notes`

.. _pos/use/notes:

Add and manage notes
====================

Notes allow for extra information to be added to specific products in an order. There are two types
of notes: :ref:`internal notes <pos/use/internal-notes>` and :ref:`customer notes
<pos/use/customer-notes>`.

.. tip::
   If the same content is frequently used, configure a note model to save time. To create or edit
   note models, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Note Models`, click
   :guilabel:`New` or click the relevant note model, then complete or edit the :guilabel:`Name`
   column.

.. note::
   Any notes added to a product from the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>` are displayed

>    on the :doc:`customer display <../point_of_sale/hardware_network/customer_display>`.

Reviewer: Maybe better to mention 'customer' notes, which I guess is the case:

```suggestion
   Any customer notes added to a product from the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>` are displayed
   on the :doc:`customer display <../point_of_sale/hardware_network/customer_display>`.
```

Return and refund products
==========================

To process a refund for a returned product from the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>`,
follow these steps:

#. Click :guilabel:`Orders` to access the :ref:`Orders overview <pos/use/orders>`.
#. Set the :guilabel:`Active` dropdown menu to :guilabel:`Paid`.
#. Select the relevant order from the list.
#. Select the items and use the numpad to set the refund quantity, then click :guilabel:`Refund`.
#. Choose how to handle the refund:

>    - To refund the customer, select a payment method on the payment screen, then click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To refund the customer, select a payment method on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen, then click
```

> Return and refund products

Reviewer: Your suggestion to make a different method the 'main' one prompted a lot of requestioning of this section ;) I think we can help the user understand better which method makes sense for them ... and triggered me playing about in Pycharm!

I'll share my .rst version of the page with you.

==========================

To process a refund for a returned product from the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>`,
follow these steps:

#. Click :guilabel:`Orders` to access the :ref:`Orders overview <pos/use/orders>`.
#. Set the :guilabel:`Active` dropdown menu to :guilabel:`Paid`.
#. Select the relevant order from the list.
#. Select the items and use the numpad to set the refund quantity, then click :guilabel:`Refund`.
#. Choose how to handle the refund:

   - To refund the customer, select a payment method on the :guilabel:`Payment` screen, then click
     :guilabel:`Validate`.
   - To issue a :ref:`gift card <ewallet_gift/gift-cards>` for the refund amount, click
     :guilabel:`Back`. A new order containing the returned items (with negative quantities) is
     created automatically. Then, add the gift card from the product list to the order; its value
     is automatically set to match the total refund amount. Click :guilabel:`Payment`, then
     :guilabel:`Validate` the refund.

Once the return is validated, a corresponding credit note is generated, referencing the original
:doc:`receipt <use/receipts>` or :doc:`invoice <use/pos_invoices>`.

.. note::

>    Additional products cannot be added to the cart until the refund is validated.

Reviewer: When testing procesing a refund based on an order, this doesn't seem relevant anyway (as you're not even seeing the product list/grid/selector). And when doing a standalone refund, it seems that you _can_ add products, but that the app handles that just fine and calculates the right amounts etc. So I think we can just drop it.

> Notes

Reviewer: Since you have so many titles (almost all!) with an active verb, I'd call this 'Add notes' for consistency. Or maybe even 'Add and manage notes', since we also talk about those note models?

=====

Notes allow for attaching extra information to specific products in an order. There are two types of

> notes: internal and customer notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes allow for extra information to be added to specific products in an order. There are two types of
notes: internal notes and customer notes.
```

- I think 'add' is sufficient, rather than 'attach' (which to me sounds more like a separate thing, like a pdf being attached).
- I feel the phrase reads better when we say 'internal _notes_ and customer notes' ... maybe it's just me!

Internal notes
--------------

Internal notes provide information intended for staff (e.g., `no tomato` for the kitchen team) and
do not appear on the customer's receipt. To add a note to an entire order, ensure no item is
selected in the cart, then click :guilabel:`Note`. To add a note to a specific item, select one from
the cart and click :guilabel:`Note`. Then, add or modify the note's content in the popover, and
click :guilabel:`Apply` once done:

     - Type the note directly into the popover.
     - Use a configured note model to save time if the same content is frequently used. Click on the

>        desired note model to insert its text.

Reviewer: A few things here:

- Suggested edit: 'To add a note to a specific item, select one from the cart ...' > 'To add a note to a specific item, select the item in the cart ...'
- The 'Type the note directly ...' bullet is redundant now, no?
- I think the 'Use a configured note model ...' bullet should be a tip. But maybe start more like 'If the same note content is frequently used, configure a ...'  

Actually, here's a suggestion for this part (turning the actions into a step-by-step, and creating a sub-section about note models (mainly so you can link to it from step 2). Wording might not be perfect, but hopefully you get what I mean.

----------------------------------------
To add or edit an internal note, follow these steps in the POS register:

1. If the note applies to:
- the entire order, ensure no item is selected in the cart, then click Note. 
- a specific item, select the item in the cart, then click Note. 
2. Add or modify the note’s content in the popover or select a previously configured [note model](link) and edit the note further if needed.
3. Click Apply.

_Note models_

If the same content is used frequently, note models can be configured to save time. To create or edit note models, navigate to Point of Sale ‣ Configuration ‣ Note Models, click New or the relevant note model, then complete or edit the Name column.

Customer notes
--------------

Customer notes appear on :doc:`receipts <use/receipts>` and :doc:`invoices <use/pos_invoices>`.
They can be used, for example, to provide warranty details for a high-value item or specific care
instructions, such as `Dry clean only`.

To add a customer note from the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>` to a specific item,
select an item in the cart, click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`)
icon, click :guilabel:`Customer Note`, then add the note's content in the popover and click

> :guilabel:`Apply`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a customer note to a specific item, in the :ref:`POS register <pos/use/open-register>` 
select the item in the cart, click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` (:guilabel:`vertical ellipsis`)
icon, click :guilabel:`Customer Note`, then add the note's content in the popover and click
:guilabel:`Apply`.
```

.. note::

>    - If no item is selected, the note applies to the whole order.

Reviewer: I think you should follow the same logic in both the section on internal notes and custom notes to explain how to add a note to a specific item or the whole order. Or maybe I'm missing somethin about why the approach is different here?

   - Product notes from :ref:`imported sales orders <pos/shop/so>` are displayed identically in the

>      cart.

Reviewer: By identically, do you mean in the same way as customer notes? If yes, maybe be more explicit.

Author: Yes, the same way :) 

<img width="458" height="216" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53a3f550-1b1b-4335-b665-175674ace0bc" />

Manage the cash register
========================

> Odoo POS allows for determining which coins and bills are accepted. To set up the allowed coins and

Reviewer: This might be a personal peeve, but I really don't like the 'allows for [gerund]' formulation. 

I would suggest:

```suggestion
Odoo POS allows accepted coins and bills to be defined. To set up the allowed coins and
```

bills:

#. Navigate to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Coins/Bills`.
#. Click :guilabel:`New` to add a new value.

> #. Select the POS where this value is available in the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` column, or leave

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the POS where this value is accepted in the :guilabel:`Point of Sales` column, or leave
```

   the field empty to make it available for all POS.

> To record a cash-in or cash out transaction not associated with a sale from the POS register:

Reviewer: I see you changed 'cash in' to 'cash-in' ... what about 'cash out'? Not 'cash-out'?

#. Click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon on the POS interface.
#. Click :guilabel:`Cash In/Out`.
#. Select :guilabel:`Cash In` or :guilabel:`Cash Out` in the popover.

> #. Enter the amount in the field with the `€` sign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enter the amount in the field with the currency symbol.
```
I guess this is different depending on the user's regional settings?

Author: Indeed, thanks!

#. Specify the reason for the addition or removal of cash, and click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

.. note::
   Only employees with :ref:`basic or advanced access rights <pos/employee_login/configuration>`

>    are allowed to perform cash-in/out actions.

Reviewer: Too much to add that 'employees with minimal access rights can't? (if I understand properly)

Author: It may sound a bit redundant to specify what employees with minimal rights cannot do, right? Because if we already say what employees with Basic and Advanced rights can do, doesn't it imply that the other cannot do it?

To close the POS register, click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon, then
:guilabel:`Close Register`.

The :guilabel:`Closing Register` popover displays:

- The number of orders and the total amount made during the session.
- The expected amounts grouped by payment method.

> Click the :icon:`fa-money` (:guilabel:`money`) icon to specify the number of coins and bills, then
> click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the :icon:`fa-money` (:guilabel:`money`) icon to specify the number of coins and notes, then
click :guilabel:`Confirm`.
```

I know we see 'bills' elsewhere, so ... maybe best to leave bills actually. What do you think?

Click :guilabel:`Close Register` to close the register and post accounting entries.

.. tip::
   Click the :icon:`fa-clone` (:guilabel:`clone`) icon to automatically fill in the field with the
   expected cash amount.

.. note::
   - After specifying the number of coins and bills, the computed amount is set in the
     :guilabel:`Cash Count` field, and the :guilabel:`Closing Details` are specified in the

>      :guilabel:`Closing Note` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :guilabel:`Cash Count` field, and the :guilabel:`Closing details` are specified in the
     :guilabel:`Closing note` section.
```
At least, that's what I'm seeing ...

   - When the money counted does **not** match the expected amount, a :guilabel:`Payments

>      Difference` window opens automatically. Selecting :guilabel:`Proceed Anyway` validates the

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
     Difference` window opens automatically after clicking :guilabel:`Close Register`. Selecting :guilabel:`Proceed Anyway` validates the
```

To close the POS register, click the :icon:`fa-bars` (:guilabel:`hamburger menu`) icon, then
:guilabel:`Close Register`.

The :guilabel:`Closing Register` popover displays:

- The number of orders and the total amount made during the session.
- The expected amounts grouped by payment method.

Click the :icon:`fa-money` (:guilabel:`money`) icon to specify the number of coins and bills, then
click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Click :guilabel:`Close Register` to close the register and post accounting entries.

.. tip::
   Click the :icon:`fa-clone` (:guilabel:`clone`) icon to automatically fill in the field with the
   expected cash amount.

.. note::
   - After specifying the number of coins and bills, the computed amount is set in the
     :guilabel:`Cash Count` field, and the :guilabel:`Closing details` are specified in the
     :guilabel:`Closing note` section.
   - When the money counted does **not** match the expected amount, a :guilabel:`Payments

>      Difference window opens automatically after clicking :guilabel:`Close Register`. Selecting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When the money counted does *not* match the expected amount, a :guilabel:`Payments Difference` window opens automatically after clicking :guilabel:`Close Register`. Selecting
```

I think italics could maybe work better for the 'not' since you have so much in bold already. Also, you were just missing a closing backtick after Difference.
